of Ld. Counsel for the accused persons was that no independent public witness has been joined by the IO in the investigation and that the alleged independent public witness, namely, PW-4 Guru Kirpal Singh did not support the prosecution case. Aforesaid contention of the Ld. Counsel are in two parts, first is that no independent public witness has been joined in the investigation which on the face of it is incorrect as PW-4 Guru Kirpal Singh is an independent public witness who as per the case of the prosecution was a neighbour. The second part of the contention was that PW-4 Guru Kirpal did not support the prosecution case. The court is not in the agreement with the aforesaid submissions of the accused that no independent public person has been examined which is clear from the fact that PW-4 is an independent witness. 33. A careful perusal of the testimony of PW-4 shows that he has supported the prosecution case as far as the incident is concerned. He has deposed that on 24.03.2015, i.e. the date of State Vs Mohd. Yakub & Ors SC No. 55893/2016 FIR No. 519/2015 18/36 incident at about 7 or 7:30 pm when he was at his shop, he heard some noise coming from the adjacent shop of Nishant. When he came out, he saw that Nishant and his employee had caught hold of a person. One of the employees of Nishant was bleeding from his head. Although he could not identify the said person, who was apprehended by Nishant and his employee. The witness could not identify him in the court despite having a glance over the persons present in the court, stating that he was unable to identify. He further deposed that he came to know from the owner of the Nishant's shop that two persons had probably entered into the said shop to commit robbery and out of which, one had fled away and the person who had been caught was having a butcher's knife in his hand. He made a call to the SHO of local police station from his mobile phone and police reached at the spot and had taken the assailant. He further deposed that he had seen a bullet which was recovered from the assailant. In the cross-examination, he stated that a bullet and knife were not subjected to police proceedings in his presence and he had not noticed any crime team inspecting the crime scene. He further stated that he was never called to participate in the TIP proceedings. He denied the suggestion that he being neighbour of Nishant was an interested witness. 34. Therefore, the crux of his testimony was in the nature of res gestae. He has not seen the offence but he has reached at the shop of Nishant so soon after the incident that whatever he has heard and observed must fall within the definition of res gestae evidence as prescribed u/s 6 of Indian Evidence Act. Although he did not identify accused