make, authenticate, or keep any document, or to take charge or dispose of any property, or to execute any judicial process, or to administer any oath, or to interpret, or to preserve order in the Court, and every person specially authorised by a Court of Justice to perform any of such duties; Fifth.—Every juryman, assessor, or member of a panchayat assisting a Court of Justice or public servant; 1. Subs. by the A.O. 1950, for section 17. 2. The word and letter “Part A” omitted by Act 3 of 1951, s. 3 and the Sch. 3. Subs. by s. 3 and the Sch., ibid., for s. 18 which was ins. by the A.O. 1950. The Original s. 18 was rep. by the A.O. 1937. 4. Rep. by the Madras Civil Courts Act, 1873 (3 of 1873). 5.Cl. First omitted by the A.O. 1950. 6. Subs. by Act 10 of 1927, s. 2 and the First Sch., for “or Naval”. 7. The original words “of the Queen while serving under the Government of India, or any Government” have successively been amended by the A.O. 1937, the A.O. 1948 and the A.O. 1950 to read as above. 8. The words “of the Dominion” omitted by the A.O. 1950. 9. Subs. by Act 40 of 1964, s. 2, for cl. Third. 10. Ins. by s. 2, ibid. 18 Sixth.—Every arbitrator or other person to whom any cause or matter has been referred for decision or report by any Court of Justice, or by any other competent public authority; Seventh.—Every person who holds any office by virtue of which he is empowered to place or keep any person in confinement; Eighth.—Every officer of 1[the Government] whose duty it is, as such officer, to prevent offences, to give information of offences, to bring offenders to justice, or to protect the public health, safety or convenience; Ninth.—Every officer whose duty it is as such officer, to take, receive, keep or expend any property on behalf of 1[the Government], or to make any survey, assessment or contract on behalf of 1[the Government], or to execute any revenue-process, or to investigate, or to report, on any matter affecting the pecuniary interests of 1[the Government], or to make, authenticate or keep any document relating to the pecuniary interests of 1[the Government], or to prevent the infraction of any law for the protection of the pecuniary interests of 1[the Government] 2***; Tenth.—Every officer whose duty it is, as such officer, to take, receive, keep or expend any property, to make any survey or assessment or to levy any rate or tax for any secular common purpose of any village, town or district, or to make, authenticate or keep any document for the ascertaining of the rights of the people of any village, town or district; 3[Eleventh.—Every person who holds any office in virtue of which he is empowered to prepare, publish, maintain or revise an electoral roll or to conduct an election or part of an election;] 4[Twelfth.—Every person— (a)