of either description for a term which may extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to fine. Explanation.—A person commits this offence who intending to practise deception, or knowing it to be likely that deception will thereby be practised, causes a genuine coin to appear like a different coin. 232. Counterfeiting Indian coin.—Whoever counterfeits, or knowingly performs any part of the process of counterfeiting 4[Indian coin], shall be punished with 7[imprisonment for life], or with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine. 233. Making or selling instrument for counterfeiting coin.—Whoever makes or mends, or performs any part of the process of making or mending, or buys, sells or disposes of, any die or instrument, for the purpose of being used, or knowing or having reason to believe that it is intended to be used, for the purpose of counterfeiting coin, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extended to three years, and shall also be liable to fine. 234. Making or selling instrument for counterfeiting Indian coin.—Whoever makes or mends, or performs any part of the process of making or mending or buys, sells or disposes of, any die or instrument, for the purpose of being used, or knowing or having reason to believe that it is intended to be 1. Ins. by Act 25 of 2005, s. 44 (w.e.f. 23-6-2005). 2. Subs. by Act 19 of 1872, s. 1, for the first paragraph. 3. Subs. by the A. O. 1950, for the second paragraph. 4. Subs., ibid., for “the Queen’s coin”. 5. Added by Act 6 of 1896, s. 1(2). 6. Subs. by the A. O. 1950, for “Queen’s coin” 7. Subs. by Act 26 of 1955, s. 117 and the Sch., for “transportation for life” (w.e.f. 1-1-1956). 61 used, for the purpose of counterfeiting 1[Indian coin], shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to fine. 235. Possession of instrument or material for the purpose of using the same for counterfeiting coin.—Whoever is in possession of any instrument or material, for the purpose of using the same for counterfeiting coin, or knowing or having reason to believe that the same is intended to be used for that purpose, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to three years, and shall also be liable to fine; if Indian coin.—and if the coin to be counterfeited is 1[Indian coin], shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine. 236. Abetting in India the counterfeiting out of India of coin.—Whoever, being within 2[India] abets the counterfeiting of coin out of 2[India] shall be punished in the same manner as if he abetted the counterfeiting of such coin within 2[India]. 237. Import or export of