Another lacunae in the prosecution case which makes the recovery of country made pistol including a live cartridge as unbelievable is that as per the FSL report Ex.AD-2, the FSL expert opined that no opinion could be given if the misfired cartridge Ex.A-1 was caused by the country made pistol recovered from accused Peter Joseph. Thus, the FSL report failed to connect the misfired cartridge Ex.A-1 with the country made pistol allegedly recovered from the possession of accused Peter Joseph. Therefore, in the absence of the evidence to connect the alleged pistol with the misfired cartridge recovered at the spot, the accused Peter Joseph could not have been tried for the offence u/s 25 Arms Act as well. Hence, accused Peter Joseph stands acquitted from the offence u/s 25 Arms Act for possession of country made pistol including a live cartridge. State Vs Mohd. Yakub & Ors SC No. 55893/2016 FIR No. 519/2015 34/36 61. At this stage, it would be appropriate to discuss the defence evidence led by the accused. Peter Jospeh examined his father Victor Joseph as DW-1 to prove the fact that Peter Joseph was picked up on 25.03.2015 from his house. The arrest memo Ex.PW-13/A of Peter Joseph shows that he was arrested on 25.03.2015 at about 10.30 a.m from his house only. The arrest memo shows that his mother Ms. Anita Joseph was given the information about his arrest. In the cross-examination, DW-1 admitted that his wife was present in the house on that day. Hence, the testimony of DW-1 did not yield any favour to the accused rather it provides corroboration to the prosecution case. 62. Accused Mohd. Yakub examined himself. He deposed that on 24.03.2015, he was present at his house and brought some fruits and vegetables from the market. He gave it to his children. In the cross-examination, he admitted that he knew Nishant Saluja. He also admitted that prior to the incident of this case, he had visited the office of the complainant to collect payment of Western Union money transfer. Thus, he provided corroboration to the prosecution case that he had been visiting the office of the complainant before the incident as well. 63. Accused Adatiya @ Akash also examined himself as DW. He also admitted his presence on 24.03.2015 at about 7 p.m near the shop of the complainant. He deposed that he alongwith his brother in law Sandeep were getting the tyre of their car changed and in the meanwhile there was chaos and accordingly, they reached at the shop of Nishant. Thereafter, because of some confusion, he was beaten and handed over to the police. Thus, he also admitted his presence at the shop of complainant Nishant at State Vs Mohd. Yakub & Ors SC No. 55893/2016 FIR No. 519/2015 35/36 the time of the incident. 64. Thus, the defence evidence led by the accused persons would shows that it did not help the accused persons rather their depositions provided the corroboration to the prosecution case. Therefore,