offence under sub-section (1), refuses, without lawful excuse, to disclose to a police-officer on being so required the name and address of the person by whom it was printed or otherwise made, he shall be punished with fine which may extend to two hundred rupees. (3) Where the name of any person appears on any document in respect of which any person is charged with an offence under sub- section (1) or on any other document used or distributed in connection with that document it may, until the contrary is proved, be presumed that that person caused the document to be made.] CHAPTER XIX OFTHE CRIMINAL BREACHOF CONTRACTSOF SERVICE 490. [Breach of contract of service during voyage or journey.] Rep. by the Workmen's Breach of Contract (Repealing) Act, 1925 (3 of 1925), s. 2 and Sch. 491. Breach of contract to attend on and supply wants of helpless person.—Whoever, being bound by a lawful contract to attend on or to supply the wants of any person who, by reason of youth, or of unsoundness of mind, or of a disease or bodily weakness, is helpless or incapable of providing for his own safety or of supplying his own wants, voluntarily omits so to do, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to three months, or with fine which may extend to two hundred rupees, or with both. 492. [Breach of contract to serve at distant place to which servant is conveyed at master's expense.] Rep. by the Workmen's Breach of Contract (Repealing) Act,1925 (3 of 1925), s. 2 and Sch. CHAPTER XX OFOFFENCES RELATINGTO MARRIAGE 493. Cohabitation caused by a man deceitfully inducing a belief of lawful marriage.—Every man who by deceit causes any woman who is not lawfully married to him to believe that she is lawfully married to him and to cohabit or have sexual intercourse with him in that belief, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine. 494. Marrying again during lifetime of husband or wife.—Whoever, having a husband or wife living, marries in any case in which such marriage is void by reason of its taking place during the life of such husband or wife, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to fine. Exception.—This section does not extend to any person whose marriage with such husband or wife has been declared void by a Court of competent jurisdiction, nor to any person who contracts a marriage during the life of a former husband or wife, if such husband or wife, at the time of the subsequent marriage, shall have been continually absent from such person for the space of seven years, and shall not have been heard of by such person as being alive within that time provided the person contracting such subsequent marriage shall, before