previous permission of such court shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to two years and shall also be liable to fine. Explanation.—The printing or publication of the judgment of any High Court or the Supreme Court does not amount to an offence within the meaning of this section.] 229. Personation of a juror or assessor.—Whoever, by personation or otherwise, shall intentionally cause, or knowingly suffer himself to be returned, empanelled or sworn as a juryman or assessor in any case in which he knows that he is not entitled by law to be so returned, empanelled or sworn, or knowing himself to have been so returned, empanelled or sworn contrary to law, shall voluntarily serve on such jury or as such assessor, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to two years, or with fine, or with both. 1. Ins. by Act 43 of 1983, s. 2. 2. Subs. by Act 13 of 2013, s. 4, for “offence under section 376, section 376A, section 376B, section 376C or section 376D” (w.e.f. 3-2-2013). 60 1[229A. Failure by person released on bail or bond to appear in court.—Whoever, having been charged with an offence and released on bail or on bond without sureties, fails without sufficient cause (the burden of proving which shall lie upon him), to appear in court in accordance with the terms of the bail or bond, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to one year, or with fine, or with both. Explanation.—The punishment under this section is— (a) in addition to the punishment to which the offender would be liable on a conviction for the offence with which he has been charged; and (b) without prejudice to the power of the court to order forfeiture of the bond.] CHAPTER XII OF OFFENCES RELATINGTO COINAND GOVERNMENT STAMPS 230. “Coin” defined.—2[Coin is metal used for the time being as money, and stamped and issued by the authority of some State or Sovereign Power in order to be so used.] 3[Indian coin.—Indian coin is metal stamped and issued by the authority of the Government of India in order to be used as money; and metal which has been so stamped and issued shall continue to be Indian coin for the purposes of this Chapter, notwithstanding that it may have ceased to be used as money.] Illustrations (a) Cowries are not coin. (b) Lumps of unstamped copper, though used as money, are not coin. (c) Medals are not coin, inasmuch as they are not intended to be used as money. (d) The coin denominated as the Company's rupee is 4[Indian coin]. 5[(e) The “Farukhabad rupee”, which was formerly used as money under the authority of the Government of India, is 6[Indian coin] although it is no longer so used.] 231. Counterfeiting coin.—Whoever counterfeits or knowingly performs any part of the process of counterfeiting coin, shall be punished with imprisonment