this section shall be paid to the victim. 326B. Voluntarily throwing or attempting to throw acid.—Whoever throws or attempts to throw acid on any person or attempts to administer acid to any person, or attempts to use any other means, with the intention of causing permanent or partial damage or deformity or burns or maiming or disfigurement or disability or grievous hurt to that person, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which shall not be less than five years but which may extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to fine. Explanation 1.—For the purposes of section 326A and this section, "acid" includes any substance which has acidic or corrosive character or burning nature, that is capable of causing bodily injury leading to scars or disfigurement or temporary or permanent disability. Explanation 2.—For the purposes of section 326A and this section, permanent or partial damage or deformity shall not be required to be irreversible.] 327. Voluntarily causing hurt to extort property, or to constrain to an illegal to an act.— Whoever voluntarily causes hurt, for the purpose of extorting from the sufferer, or from any person interested in the sufferer, any property or valuable security, or of constraining the sufferer or any person interested in such sufferer to do anything which is illegal or which may facilitate the commission of an 1. Subs. by Act 26 of 1955, s. 117 and the Sch., for “transportation for life” (w.e.f. 1-1-1956). 2. Ins. by Act 13 of 2013, s. 5 (w.e.f. 3-2-2013). 76 offence, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine. 328. Causing hurt by means of poison, etc., with intent to commit and offence.—Whoever administers to or causes to be taken by any person any poison or any stupefying, intoxicating or unwholesome drug, or other thing with intent to cause hurt to such person, or with intent to commit or to facilitate the commission of an offence or knowing it to be likely that he will thereby cause hurt, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine. 329. Voluntarily causing grievous hurt to extort property, or to constrain to an illegal act.— Whoever voluntarily causes grievous hurt for the purpose of extorting from the sufferer or from any person interested in the sufferer any property or valuable security, or of constraining the sufferer or any person interested in such sufferer to do anything that is illegal or which may facilitate the commission of an offence, shall be punished with 1[imprisonment for life], or imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine. 330. Voluntarily causing hurt to extort confession, or to compel restoration of property.— Whoever voluntarily causes hurt, for the purpose of extorting from the sufferer or from any