Adatiya @ Akash in the court, but he State Vs Mohd. Yakub & Ors SC No. 55893/2016 FIR No. 519/2015 19/36 specifically deposed about the incident and the apprehension of one accused at the shop of Nishant. Thus, the testimony of PW-4 Guru Kirpal cannot be said to be completely hostile against the case of the prosecution. His testimony definitely can be taken as corroborative piece of evidence to the testimony of PW-1 and PW-2. Merely that he has failed to identify accused Adatiya @ Akash in the court does not mean that State vs Mohd. Yakub Etc on 29 March, 2025 Indian Kanoon - http://indiankanoon.org/doc/20389847/ 12 his testimony has turned into the nature of hostile evidence and goes against the prosecution case. Therefore, this court is unable to accept the submissions of Ld. Counsel and accordingly, the submissions stand rejected. 35. The next point vehemently raised by the Ld. Defence Counsel is that there are material contradictions in the testimony of the prosecution witnesses. But here the question which assumes importance is that what would amount to the material contradictions and what would not. In State of Rajasthan Vs. Kalki (1981)2 SCC 752 the Hon'ble Supreme Court was pleased to held that as under:- "normal discrepancies in evidence are those which are due to normal errors of observation, normal errors of memory due to lapse of time, due to mental disposition such as shock and horror at the time of occurrence and those are always there, however hones and truthful a witness may be. Material discrepancies are those which are not normal, and not expected of a normal person. Courts have to label the category to which a discrepancy may be categorized. While normal discrepancies do not corrode the credibility of a party's case, material discrepancies do so." 36. Therefore, in view of the aforesaid observations of the Hon'ble Supreme Court in the case of Kalki (supra), the law regarding the contradictions and discrepancies are that unless and State Vs Mohd. Yakub & Ors SC No. 55893/2016 FIR No. 519/2015 20/36 until the so-called contradictions and discrepancies in the prosecution are not such that they go to the roots of the prosecution case creating a reasonable doubt in prosecution story, then the normal discrepancies and contradictions can be overlooked. The reason being that there may be several reasons for slight deviation, in the manner of narrating the incident to the police at the early stage, could be caused because of the limitation of the human memory, the ability to grasp the events minutely and the normal errors of time. It also depends upon individual to individual as to how he perceives the incident and the role ascribed to each accused. It is not normal for majority of the human beings who have just being attacked by the offenders with a purpose to rob them with a deadly weapon such as pistol and knife and to depose so minutely so as not to allow any minor deviation or discrepancy in