the statements. In view of these observations, if testimony of PW-1 and PW-2 is observed minutely, it reveals that they both have supported the prosecution case in its material particulars as they both have deposed about the two masked offenders, one with the knife and another with the pistol and also the manner in which the incident had been committed with them. They had also correctly identified the accused persons in the court as well as the case properties. No material contradictions and discrepancies have been noted by this court in the oral and the documentary evidence prepared in that regard. 37. Although Ld. Counsel for the accused tried to make a mountain out of a molehill by submitting that in the complaint Ex. PW-1/A, Nishant Saluja stated to police that the person State Vs Mohd. Yakub & Ors SC No. 55893/2016 FIR No. 519/2015 21/36 standing outside the gate shouted "Adatiya, Yakub bhago yahan se jaldi" whereas, he deposed that the offenders while trying to run away from the office were saying "Bhago Yakub". The Ld. Counsel argued that if Yakub was standing outside the gate, then he could not have shouted his name and as per the statement Ex. PW-1/A, it appears that accused Peter was standing outside and accused Yakub was in the office along with State vs Mohd. Yakub Etc on 29 March, 2025 Indian Kanoon - http://indiankanoon.org/doc/20389847/ 13 Adatiya @ Akash otherwise the person standing outside could not have raised the name of accused Yakub. He argued that thus there is a reasonable doubt about the fact as to who were present in the office and who was standing outside the gate. Though the said argument appears to be interesting on its face, however, the cross-examination by the accused shows that the accused persons have failed to cross-examine the witness PW-1 or confronted the witness with the aforesaid fact. Hence, once the witness has not been given a chance to explain the so- called part, therefore, the accused persons could not have raised any doubt about the veracity of the statement and deposition of the complainant in the court. It is well settled principle of law that if witness' testimony is to be challenged by a previous statement in writing then the contention of the witness must be drawn to the said part of the writing and in case of failure thereto, the testimony of the witness cannot be said to have been properly challenged and the accused has to be said to have accepted the same. Thus, the court does not find any force in the said submissions and same are rejected. State Vs Mohd. Yakub & Ors SC No. 55893/2016 FIR No. 519/2015 22/36 Defects and lapses in investigation:- 38. Ld. Counsel for accused further argued that the IO did not carry out proper investigation in a professional manner which render the case of the prosecution doubtful. He particularly emphasized on not lifting the chance print from the spot as well as the