counterfeit coin.—Whoever imports into 2[India], or exports therefrom, any counterfeit coin, knowing or having reason to believe that the same is counterfeit, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to three years, and shall also be liable to fine. 238. Import or export of counterfeits of the Indian coin.—Whoever imports into 2[India], or exports therefrom, any counterfeit coin, which he knows or has reason to believe to be a counterfeit of 1[Indian coin], shall be punished with 3[Imprisonment for life], or with imprisonment of either description description for a term which may extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine. 239. Delivery of coin, possessed with knowledge that it is counterfeit.—Whoever, having any counterfeit coin, which at the time when he became possessed of it, he knew to be counterfeit, fraudulently or with intent that fraud may be committed, delivers the same to any persons or attempts to induce any person to receive it, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to five years, and shall also be liable to fine. 240. Delivery of Indian coin, possessed with knowledge that it is counterfeit.—Whoever, having any counterfeit coin which is a counterfeit of 1[Indian coin], and which, at the time when he became possessed of it, he knew to be a counterfeit of 1[Indian coin], fraudulently or with intent that fraud may be committed, delivers the same to any person, or attempts to induce any person to receive it, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine. 241. Delivery of coin as genuine, which, when first possessed, the deliverer did not know to be counterfeit.—Whoever delivers to any other person as genuine, or attempts to induce any other person to receive as genuine, any counterfeit coin which he knows to be counterfeit, but which he did not know to be counterfeit at the time when he took it into his possession, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to two years, or with fine to an amount which may extend to ten times the value of the coin counterfeited, or with both. Illustration A, a coiner, delivers counterfeit Company's rupees to his accomplice B, for the purpose of uttering them. B sells the rupees to C, another utterer, who buys them knowing them to be counterfeit. C pays away the rupees for goods to D, who receives them, not knowing them to be counterfeit. D, after receiving the rupees, discovers that they are counterfeit and pays them away as if they were good. Here D is punishable only under this section, but B and C are punishable under section 239 or 240, as the case may be. 242. Possession of counterfeit coin by person who knew it to be counterfeit when he became possessed thereof.—Whoever, fraudulently or with intent that fraud