the serial number of MLC Ex.PW-11/B is 399 whereas the serial number of MLC Ex.PW-11/A is 4000. Thus, the record implies that MLC of PW-2 was firstly made and doctor then examined PW-1. Merely that doctor had noted different time on the MLC, does not lead the inference that both the persons were not brought together in the hospital. It is quite possible that the concerned doctor after having prepared his MLC noted down the time of 10 p.m when he started preparing second MLC. Moreover, no cross-examination has been conducted on this aspect by the accused persons from PW-11 Dr. Dhananjay Kumar who proved the MLC. Accordingly, the contention of the accused persons stands rejected. 46. However, it is also an admitted fact on the record that both the eye witnesses i.e. PW-1 and PW-2 did not depose specifically that any article or money was robbed by the accused persons namely Peter Joseph and Adatiya @ Akash or something was taken away by them. Thus, the question arises herein as to what State Vs Mohd. Yakub & Ors SC No. 55893/2016 FIR No. 519/2015 26/36 offence has been committed by the accused persons. It is clear from the language of Section 392 IPC that it is only applicable when a robbery has been committed. Section 393 IPC is only an attempt. Section 394 IPC applies into a case where robbery has been committed as well as where there has been only an attempt to commit robbery when hurt was caused voluntarily by one person and any other person was jointly concerned in committing or in attempting to commit robbery. Similarly, Section 397 IPC is applicable to a situation where robbery is completed. Further. Section 398 IPC is applicable to an attempt to commit robbery or dacoity when offender is armed with a deadly weapon. It is also settled law that sections 397 and 398 IPC are not substantiative offences, but they merely regulates punishment. 47. Thus, it is clear that in view of the manner of the incident, it is clear that no complete robbery has been taken place. It was only an attempt by accused persons namely Adatiya@ Akash and Peter Joseph. It is also clear that accused Adatiya@ Akash and accused Peter Joseph were armed with a knife and a pistole respectively. The seizure memo Ex.PW-1/D of the knife would show that it has total length of 32.5 cm with length of the blade as 20 cm and width of blade as 4.5 cm and the handle of the knife having length as 12.5 cm. The measurement of the knife would show that it was quite a big knife. The next question which arises here is whether the said knife can be a deadly weapon or not. It is settled that the knife per se is not a deadly weapon and the use and manner thereto makes any knife a dangerous weapon. The said knife has been used for the commission of robbery and injury was caused