Labour 359. Kidnapping.—Kidnapping is of two kinds: kidnapping from 1[India], and kidnapping from lawful guardianship. 360. Kidnapping from India.—Whoever conveys any person beyond the limits of 1[India] without the consent of that person, or of some person legally authorised to consent on behalf of that person, is said to kidnap that person from 1[India]. 361. Kidnapping from lawful guardianship.—Whoever takes or entices any minor under 2[sixteen] years of age if a male, or under 3[eighteen] years of age if a female, or any person of unsound mind, out of the keeping of the lawful guardian of such minor or person of unsound mind, without the consent of such guardian, is said to kidnap such minor or person from lawful guardianship. Explanation.—The words “lawful guardian” in this section include any person lawfully entrusted with the care or custody of such minor or other person. Exception.—This section does not extend to the act of any person who in good faith believes himself to be the father of an illegitimate child, or who in good faith believes himself to be entitled to the lawful custody of such child, unless such act is committed for an immoral or unlawful purpose. 1. The words “British India” have successively been subs. by the A. O. 1948, the A. O. 1950 and Act 3 of 1951, s. 3 and the Sch., to read as above. 2. Subs. by Act 42 of 1949, s. 2, for “fourteen”. 3. Subs. by s. 2, ibid., for “sixteen”. 82 362. Abduction.—Whoever by force compels, or by any deceitful means induces, any person to go from any place, is said to abduct that person. 363. Punishment for kidnapping.—Whoever kidnaps any person from 1[India] or from lawful guardianship, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to fine. 2[363A. Kidnapping or maiming a minor for purposes of begging.—(1) Whoever kidnaps any minor or, not being the lawful guardian of a minor, obtains the custody of the minor, in order that such minor may be employed or used for the purposes of begging shall be punishable with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine. (2) Whoever maims any minor in order that such minor may be employed or used for the purposes of begging shall be punishable with imprisonment for life, and shall also be liable to fine. (3) Where any person, not being the lawful guardian of a minor, employs or uses such minor for the purposes of begging, it shall be presumed, unless the contrary is proved, that he kidnapped or otherwise obtained the custody of that minor in order that the minor might be employed or used for the purposes of begging. (4) In this section,— (a) “begging” means— (i) soliciting or receiving alms in a public place, whether under the pretence of singing, dancing, fortunetelling, performing tricks or selling articles or otherwise; (ii)