have migrated to India from Pakistan. 7. Rights of citizenship of certain migrants to Pakistan. 8. Rights of citizenship of certain persons of Indian origin residing outside India. 9. Persons voluntarily acquiring citizenship of a foreign State not to be citizens. 10. Continuance of the rights of citizenship. 11. Parliament to regulate the right of citizenship by law. Contents ARTICLES (ii) PART III FUNDAMENTAL RIGHTS General 12. Definition. 13. Laws inconsistent with or in derogation of the fundamental rights. Right to Equality 14. Equality before law. 15. Prohibition of discrimination on grounds of religion, race, caste, sex or place of birth. 16. Equality of opportunity in matters of public employment. 17. Abolition of Untouchability. 18. Abolition of titles. Right to Freedom 19. Protection of certain rights regarding freedom of speech, etc. 20. Protection in respect of conviction for offences. 21. Protection of life and personal liberty. 21A. Right to education. 22. Protection against arrest and detention in certain cases. Right against Exploitation 23. Prohibition of traffic in human beings and forced labour. 24. Prohibition of employment of children in factories, etc. Right to Freedom of Religion 25. Freedom of conscience and free profession, practice and propagation of religion. 26. Freedom to manage religious affairs. 27. Freedom as to payment of taxes for promotion of any particular religion. 28. Freedom as to attendance at religious instruction or religious worship in certain educational institutions. Contents ARTICLES (iii) Cultural and Educational Rights 29. Protection of interests of minorities. 30. Right of minorities to establish and administer educational institutions. [31. Compulsory acquisition of property —Omitted.] Saving of Certain Laws 31A. Saving of Laws providing for acquisition of estates, etc. 31B. Validation of certain Acts and Regulations. 31C. Saving of laws giving effect to certain directive principles. [31D. Saving of laws in respect of anti-national activities.—Omitted.] Right to Constitutional Remedies 32. Remedies for enforcement of rights conferred by this Part. [32A. Constitutional validity of State laws not to be considered in proceedings under article 32.—Omitted.] 33. Power of Parliament to modify the rights conferred by this Part in their application to Forces, etc. 34. Restriction on rights conferred by this Part while martial law is in force in any area. 35. Legislation to give effect to the provisions of this Part. PART IV DIRECTIVE PRINCIPLES OF STATE POLICY 36. Definition. 37. Application of the principles contained in this Part. 38. State to secure a social order for the promotion of welfare of the people. 39. Certain principles of policy to be followed by the State. 39A. Equal justice and free legal aid. Contents ARTICLES (iv) 40. Organisation of village panchayats. 41. Right to work, to education and to public assistance in certain cases. 42. Provision for just and humane conditions of work and maternity relief. 43. Living wage, etc., for workers. 43A. Participation of workers in management of Industries. 43B. Promotion of co-operative societies. 44. Uniform civil code for the citizens. 45. Provision for early childhood care and education to children below the age of