Kakkar caught hold of the boy holding the knife who fell and received injuries on his head. The third offender who was standing outside the gate shouted "Adatiya Yakub Bhago yahan se", who were seen running from there. They managed to run away. The identity of the apprehended accused was confirmed as Adatiya @ Akash who then along with the knife and one live cartridge was handed over to the police. 2.2. On the complaint Ex.PW-1/A of Nishant Saluja, IO PW- 14 Inspector Rampal Meena prepared tehrir Ex.PW-14/A and FIR was registered. PW-14 also seized the knife and the cartridge from the spot. FIR was registered and investigation was started. 2.3. PW-14 Inspector Rajpal Meena thereafter called the crime team. It inspected the spot and prepared its report. The Crime Team photographed the spot vide Ex.PW-5/A and Ex.PW-6/A1 -A5. IO prepared the site plan Ex.PW-2/A. One motorcycle bearing no. DL4SBL 0852 was found stationed near the spot in suspicious condition. The said motorcycle was seized vide seizure memo Ex.PW-1/G. The complainant PW-1 Nishant Saluja and injured PW-2 Pawan Kakkar were sent to the hospital for medical examination. Their MLC Ex.PW-11/A and Ex.PW- 11/B respectively were prepared. PW-2 also handed over the IO State Vs Mohd. Yakub & Ors SC No. 55893/2016 FIR No. 519/2015 3/36 his blood stained shirt which he was wearing at the time of incident. IO seized it vide seizure memo Ex.PW-1/F. 2.4. Accused Adatiya @ Akash gave his disclosure statement Ex.PW-1/L. He was also arrested and his personal search was carried out vide Ex.PW-1/J and Ex.PW-1/K respectively. Some documents were also handed over by PW-Nishant Saluja to the IO which were seized by him vide seizure memo Ex.PW-1/A. 2.5. Thereafter, a raiding team was prepared and at the instances of accused Adatiya @ Akash, remaining accused namely Peter and Yakub were State vs Mohd. Yakub Etc on 29 March, 2025 Indian Kanoon - http://indiankanoon.org/doc/20389847/ 2 arrested from the premises bearing no. B-777, J.J Colony, Khyala, New Delhi. Accused Peter and Yakub then led the police team to a car bearing no. DL9CG 7012 parked in front of aforesaid house wherefrom a country made pistol alongwith live cartridge was recovered from underneath the driving seat of the car. The IO prepared the sketch of the country made pistol and live cartridge and same were seized by IO. The car alongwith the keys were also seized and relevant memos were prepared. Both the accused Peter and Yakub were kept in muffled faces. The IO moved a request before the Ld. MM for the judicial TIP of accused, but they refused to participate in the judicial TIP. 2.6. Thereafter, IO deposited the case property in the Malkhana and later on they were sent to the FSL for examination. After the investigation, charge-sheet was filed before the court. Later on after receipt of the FSL report, the supplementary charge-sheet along with the FSL report and sanction u/s 39 Arms Act against accused Peter was filed in the court. State Vs