exploitation, (a) recruits, (b) transports, (c) harbours, (d) transfers, or (e) receives, a person or persons, by— First.—using threats, or Secondly.—using force, or any other form of coercion, or Thirdly.—by abduction, or 1. Added by Act 20 of 1923, s. 2. 2. Ins. by s. 3, ibid. 3. The words “British India” have successively been subs. by the A. O. 1948, the A. O. 1950 and Act 3 of 1951, s. 3 and the Sch., to read as above. 4. Ins. by Act 3 of 1951, s. 3 and the Sch. 5. Certain words omitted by s. 3 and the Sch., ibid. 6. Subs. by Act 13 of 2013, s. 8, for section 370 (w.e.f. 3-2-2013). 84 Fourthly.—by practising fraud, or deception, or Fifthly.—by abuse of power, or Sixthly.— by inducement, including the giving or receiving of payments or benefits, in order to achieve the consent of any person having control overthe person recruited, transported, harboured, transferred or received, commits the offence of trafficking. Explanation 1.—The expression "exploitation" shall include any act of physical exploitation or any form of sexual exploitation, slavery or practices similar to slavery, servitude, or the forced removal of organs. Explanation 2.—Theconsent of the victim is immaterial in determination of the offence of trafficking. (2)Whoever commits the offence of trafficking shall be punished with rigorous imprisonment for a term which shall not be less than seven years, but which may extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine. (3) Where the offence involves the trafficking of more than one person, it shall be punishable with rigorous imprisonment for a term which shall not be less than ten years but which may extend to imprisonment for life, and shall also be liable to fine. (4) Where the offence involves the trafficking of a minor, it shall be punishable with rigorous imprisonment for a term which shall not be less than ten years, but which may extend to imprisonment for life, and shall also be liable to fine. (5) Where the offence involves the trafficking of more than one minor, it shall be punishable with rigorous imprisonment for a term which shall not be less than fourteen years, but which may extend to imprisonment for life, and shall also be liable to fine. (6) If a person is convicted of the offence of trafficking of minor on more than one occasion, then such person shall be punished with imprisonment for life, which shall mean imprisonment for the remainder of that person's natural life, and shall also be liable to fine. (7) When a public servant or a police officer is involved in the trafficking of any person then, such public servant or police officer shall be punished with imprisonment for life, which shall mean imprisonment for the remainder of that person's natural life, and shall also be liable to fine. 370A. Exploitation of a trafficked person.—(1) Whoever, knowingly or having reason to believe that a minor has been trafficked, engages such minor for sexual exploitation