a term which may extend to three years, or with fine, or with both. 168. Public servant unlawfully engaging in trade.—Whoever, being a public servant, and being legally bound as such public servant not to engage in trade, engages in trade, shall be punished with simple imprisonment for a term which may extend to one year, or with fine, or with both. 169. Public servant unlawfully buying or bidding for property.—Whoever, being a public servant, and being legally bound as such public servant, not to purchase or bid for certain property, purchases or bids for that property, either in his own name or in the name of another, or jointly, or in shares with others, shall be punished with simple imprisonment for a term which may extend to two years, or with fine, or with both; and the property, if purchased, shall be confiscated. 170. Personating a public servant.—Whoever pretends to hold any particular office as a public servant, knowing that he does not hold such office or falsely personates any other person holding such office, and in such assumed character does or attempts to do any act under colour of such office, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to two years, or with fine, or with both. 171. Wearing garb or carrying token used by public servant with fraudulent intent.—Whoever, not belonging to a certain class of public servants, wears any garb or carries any token resembling any garb or token used by that class of public servants, with the intention that it may be believed, or with the knowledge that it is likely to be believed, that he belongs to that class of public servants, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to three months, or with fine which may extend to two hundred rupees, or with both. 3[CHAPTER IXA OF OFFENCESRELATING TO ELECTIONS 171A. “Candidate”, “Electoral right” defined.—For the purposes of this Chapter— 4[(a) “candidate” means a person who has been nominated as a candidate at any election;] 1. Ins. by Act 13 of 2013, s. 3 (w.e.f. 03-02-2013). 2. Subs. by Act 21 of 2000, s. 91 and the First Sch., for certain words (w.e.f. 17-10-2000). 3. Ins. by Act 39 of 1920, s. 2. 4. Subs. by Act 40 of 1975, s. 9, for cl. (a). 45 (b) “electoral right” means the right of a person to stand, or not to stand as, or to withdraw from being, a candidate or to vote or refrain from voting at an election. 171B. Bribery.—(1) Whoever— (i) gives a gratification to any person with the object of inducing him or any other person to exercise any electoral right or of rewarding any person for having exercised any such right; or (ii) accepts either for himself or for any other person any gratification as a reward for exercising any such right or for inducing or attempting to induce any other person to exercise any