excuse, any fictitious stamp, or (c) makes or, without lawful excuse, has in his possession any die, plate, instrument or materials for making any fictitious stamp, shall be punished with fine which may extend to two hundred rupees. (2) Any such stamp, die, plate, instrument or materials in the possession of any person for making any fictitious stamp 2[may be seized and, if seized] shall be forfeited. (3) In this section “fictitious stamp” means any stamp falsely purporting to be issued by Government for the purpose of denoting a rate of postage, or any facsimile or imitation or representation, whether on paper or otherwise, of any stamp issued by Government for that purpose. (4) In this section and also in sections 255 to 263, both inclusive, the word “Government”, when used in connection with, or in reference to any stamp issued for the purpose of denoting a rate of postage, shall, notwithstanding anything in section 17, be deemed to include the person or persons authorized by law to administer executive government in any part of India, and also in any part of Her Majesty's dominions or in any foreign country. CHAPTER XIII OF OFFENCESRELATINGTO WEIGHTSAND MEASURES 264. Fraudulent use of false instrument for weighing.—Whoever, fraudulently uses any instrument for weighing which he knows to be false, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to one year, or with fine, or with both. 265. Fraudulent use of false weight or measure.—Whoever, fraudulently uses any false weight or false measure of length or capacity, or fraudulently uses any weight or any measure of length or capacity as a different weight or measure from what it is, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to one year, or with fine, or with both. 266. Being in possession of false weight or measure.—Whoever is in possession of any instrument for weighing, or of any weight, or of any measure of length or capacity, which he knows to be false, 1. Added by Act 3 of 1895, s. 2. 2. Subs. by Act 42 of 1953, s. 4 and the Third Sch., for “may be seized and”. 65 1*** intending that the same may be fraudulently used, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to one year, or with fine, or with both. 267. Making or selling false weight or measure.—Whoever makes, sells or disposes of any instrument for weighing, or any weight, or any measure of length or capacity which he knows to be false, in order that the same may be used as true, or knowing that the same is likely to be used as true, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to one year, or with fine, or with both. CHAPTER XIV OF OFFENCESAFFECTINGTHE PUBLIC HEALTH, SAFETY, CONVENIENCE, DECENCYAND MORALS 268. Public nuisance.—A person is guilty of a public nuisance who does any