hand. Third person was standing outside the office. 7.2 He further deposed that one neighbour, namely, PW-4 Gurukirpal Singh called the police. Accused Adatiya @ Akash was handed over to the police including the knife. The statement of PW-1, Ex. PW-1/A was recorded. PW-1 further deposed about the preparation of the several documents and State vs Mohd. Yakub Etc on 29 March, 2025 Indian Kanoon - http://indiankanoon.org/doc/20389847/ 5 proved the same. He also deposed that one TVS Star motor cycle was found stationed at some distance from their office, which was also seized by the police. 7.3 He further deposed that third boy, being addressed as Yakub used to come to the office for receiving payment and he had submitted documents of Yakub which he furnished in their office while receiving payment. He identified accused Adatiya @ Akash in the court. He also identified accused Peter Joseph as the boy who had the pistol in his hand and he also identified accused Yakub who ran away from the spot from outside of his office. 7.4. In the cross-examination by accused Peter, he stated that accused Peter was not arrested in his presence. No CCTV cameras were installed inside and outside of his office or outside the shop of Gurukirpal. He further stated that he had seen the pistol on the next day of the incident and that all the accused were present in the PS Tilak Nagar in other room. He further stated that he identified accused Peter Josef on the next date of incident in the PS. State Vs Mohd. Yakub & Ors SC No. 55893/2016 FIR No. 519/2015 9/36 7.5. In the cross-examination by accused Yakub and Adatiya @ Akash he stated that he had two employees and one was present at the time of incident. 8.1. PW-2, Sh. Pawan Kakkar also deposed in the similar lines as deposed by PW-1 regarding the incident. However, he did not depose about the fact that the accused Peter Joseph and Adatiya @ Akash demanded cash from them. He also identified the accused Yakub as the person who used to come in their office for money transfer. 8.2. In the cross-examination by accused Peter, he stated that he did not participate in the TIP. He admitted the suggestion of accused that only one knife was recovered in his presence but voluntarily he stated that the cartridge was also taken into possession by the police. He further stated that he did not identify accused Peter Joseph before identifying him in the court. 8.3 In the cross-examination by accused Yakub and Adatiya @ Akash, he stated that in his presence no CCTV footage from anywhere was collected by the police. Statement u/s 294 Cr.P.C of accused persons:- 9. The statement of the accused persons u/s 294 Cr.P.C was recorded wherein they admitted the contents and genuineness of the following documents:- i. TIP proceedings dated 25.03.2015 (Ex.AD1) ii. Ballistic FSL Report dated 27.01.2016 (Ex.AD2) iii. TIP proceedings dated 25.03.2015 (Ex.AD3) iv. Sanction u/s 39