purpose of giving the appearance of authenticity to any document then forged or thereafter to be forged on such material, or who, with such intent, has in his possession any material upon or in the substance of which any such device or mark has been counterfeited, shall be punished with 2[imprisonment for life], or with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to fine. 476. Counterfeiting device or mark used for authenticating documents other than those described in section 467, or possessing counterfeit marked material.—Whoever counterfeits upon, or in the substance of, any material, any device or mark used for the purpose of authenticating 3[any document or electronic record] other than the documents described in section 467 of this Code, intending that such device or mark shall be used for the purpose of giving the appearance of authenticity to any document then forged or thereafter to be forged on such material, or who with such intent, has in his possession any material upon or in the substance of which any such device or mark has been counterfeited, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to fine. 477. Fraudulent cancellation, destruction, etc., of will, authority to adopt, or valuable security.—Whoever fraudulently or dishonestly, or with intent to cause damage or injury to the public or to any person, cancels, destroys or defaces, or attempts to cancel, destroy or deface, or secretes or attempts to secrete any document which is or purports to be a will, or an authority to adopt a son, or any valuable security, or commits mischief in respect of such document, shall be punished with 2[imprisonment for life], or with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to fine. 4[477A. Falsification of accounts.—Whoever, being a clerk, officer or servant, or employed or acting in the capacity of a clerk, officer or servant, wilfully, and with intent to defraud, destroys, alters, mutilates or falsifies any 5[book, electronic record, paper, writing] valuable security or account which belongs to or is in the possession of his employer, or has been received by him for or on behalf of his employer, or wilfully, and with intent to defraud, makes or abets the making of any false entry in, or omits or alters or abets the omission or alteration of any material particular from or in. any such 5[book, electronic record, paper, writing] valuable security or account, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to seven years, or with fine, or with both. 1. Subs. by Act 21 of 2000, s. 91 and the First Sch., for certain words (w.e.f. 17-10-2000). 2. Subs. by Act 26 of 1955, s. 117 and the Sch., for “transportation for life” (w.e.f. 1-1-1956). 3. Subs. by Act 21 of 2000, s. 91 and