extend to seven years, and also with fine which may extend to five thousand rupees].] 4[294. Obscene acts and songs.—Whoever, to the annoyance of others, (a) does any obscene act in any public place, or (b) sings, recites or utters any obscene song, ballad or words, in or near any public place, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to three months, or with fine, or with both.] 5[294A. Keeping lottery office.—Whoever keeps any office or place for the purpose of drawing any lottery 6[not being 7[a State lottery] or a lottery authorised by the 8[State] Government], shall be punished 1. Subs. by Act 36 of 1969, s. 2, for certain words. 2. Subs. by s. 2, ibid., for Exception. 3. Subs. by Act 8 of 1925, s. 2, for section 293. 4. Subs. by Act 3 of 1895, s. 3, for section 294. 5. Ins. by Act 27 of 1870, s. 10. 6. Subs. by the A. O. 1937, for “not authorized by Government”. 7. Subs. by Act 3 of 1951, s. 3 and the Sch., for “a lottery organized by the Central Government or the Government of a Part A State or a Part B State”. 8. Subs. by the A. O. 1950, for “Provincial”. 69 punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to six months, or with fine, or with both. And whoever publishes any proposal to pay any sum, or to deliver any goods, or to do or forbear doing anything for the benefit of any person, on any event or contingency relative or applicable to the drawing of any ticket, lot, number or figure in any such lottery, shall be punished with fine which may extend to one thousand rupees.] CHAPTER XV OF OFFENCESRELATING TO RELIGION 295. Injuring or defiling place of worship, with intent to insult the religion of any class.— Whoever destroys, damages or defiles any place of worship, or any object held sacred by any class of persons with the intention of thereby insulting the religion of any class of persons or with the knowledge that any class of persons is likely to consider such destruction, damage or defilement as an insult to their religion, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to two years, or with fine, or with both. 1[295A. Deliberate and malicious acts, intended to outrage religious feelings of any class by insulting its religion or religious beliefs.—Whoever, with deliberate and malicious intention of outraging the religious feelings of any class of 2[citizens of India], 3[by words, either spoken or written, or or by signs or by visible representations or otherwise], insults or attempts to insult the religion or the religious beliefs of that class, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to 4[three years], or with fine, or with both.] 296. Disturbing religious assembly.—Whoever voluntarily causes disturbance to any assembly lawfully engaged