servant, to direct such proclamation to be made, shall be punished with simple imprisonment for a term which may extend to one month, or with fine which may extend to five hundred rupees, or with both; or, if the summons, notice, order or proclamation is to attend in person or by agent, or 2[to produce a document or electronic record in a Court of Justice] with simple imprisonment for a term which may extend to six months, or with fine which may extend to one thousand rupees, or with both. 174. Non-attendance in obedience to an order from public servant.—Whoever, being legally bound to attend in person or by an agent at a certain place and time in obedience to a summons, notice, order, or proclamation proceeding from any public servant legally competent, as such public servant, to issue the same, intentionally omits to attend at that place or time, or departs from the place where he is bound to attend before the time at which it is lawful for him to depart, 1. Subs. by Act 21 of 2000, s. 91 and the First Sch., for “produce a document in a Court of Justice” (w.e.f. 17-10-2000). 2. Subs. by s. 91 and the First Sch., ibid., for “to produce a document in a Court of Justice” (w.e.f. 17-10-2000). 47 shall be punished with simple imprisonment for a term which may extend to one month, or with fine which may extend to five hundred rupees, or with both; or, if the summons, notice, order or proclamation is to attend in person or by agent in a Court of Justice, with simple imprisonment for a term which may extend to six months, or with fine which may extend to one thousand rupees, or with both. Illustrations (a) A, being legally bound to appear before the 1[High Court] at Calcutta, in obedience to a subpoena issuing from that Court, intentionally omits to appear. A has committed the offence defined in this section. (b) A, being legally bound to appear before a 2[District Judge], as a witness, in obedience to a summons issued by that 2[District Judge] intentionally omits to appear. A has committed the offence defined in this section. 3[174A .Non-appearance in response to a proclamation under section 82 of Act 2 of 1974.— Whoever fails to appear at the specified place and the specified time as required by a proclamation published under sub-section (1) of section 82 of the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973 shall be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to three years or with fine or with both, and where a declaration has been made under sub-section (4) of that section pronouncing him as a proclaimed offender, he shall be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to seven years and shall also be liable to fine.] 175. Omission to produce document to public servant by person legally bound to produce it.— Whoever, being legally bound to produce or deliver up any 4[document