entering on any private premises for the purpose of soliciting or receiving alms; (iii) exposing or exhibiting, with the object of obtaining or extorting alms, any sore, wound, injury, deformity or disease, whether of himself or of any other person or of an animal; (iv) using a minor as an exhibit for the purpose of soliciting or receiving alms; (b) “minor” means— (i) in the case of a male, a person under sixteen years of age; and (ii) in the case of a female, a person under eighteen years of age.] 364. Kidnapping or abducting in order to murder.—Whoever kidnaps or abducts any person in order that such person may be murdered or may be so disposed of as to be put in danger of being murdered, shall be punished with 3[imprisonment for life] or rigorous imprisonment for a term which may extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine. IIIustrations (a) A kidnaps Z from 1[India], intending or knowing it to be likely that Z may be sacrificed to an idol. A has committed the offence defined in this section. (b) A forcibly carries or entices B away from his home in order that B may be murdered. A has committed the offence defined in this section. 4[364A. Kidnapping for ransom, etc.—Whoever kidnaps or abducts any person or keeps a person in detention after such kidnapping or abduction, and threatens to cause death or hurt to such person, or by his conduct gives rise to a reasonable apprehension that such person may be put to death or hurt, or causes hurt or death to such person in order to compel the Government or 5[any foreign State or international inter-governmental organisation or any other person] to do or abstain from doing any act or to pay a ransom, shall be punishable with death, or imprisonment for life, and shall also be liable to fine.] 1. The words “British India” have successively been subs. by the A. O. 1948, the A. O. 1950 and Act 3 of 1951, s. 3 and the Sch., to read as above. 2. Ins. by Act 52 of 1959, s. 2 (w.e.f. 15-1-1960). 3. Subs. by Act 26 of 1955, s. 117 and the Sch., for “transportation for life” (w.e.f. 1-1-1956). 4. Ins. by Act 42 of 1993, s. 2. 5. Subs. by Act 24 of 1995, s. 2, for “any other person”. 83 365. Kidnapping or abducting with intent secretly and wrongfully to confine person.—Whoever kidnaps or abducts any person with intent to cause that person to be secretly and wrongfully confined, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to fine. 366. Kidnapping, abducting or inducing woman to compel her marriage, etc.—Whoever kidnaps or abducts any woman with intent that she may be compelled, or knowing it to be likely that she will be compelled, to marry any person against her will, or in order that she