done pursuant to the judgment or order of Court. 79. Act done by a person justified, or by mistake of fact believing himself justified, by law. 80. Accident in doing a lawful act. 81. Act likely to cause harm, but done without criminal intent, and to prevent other harm. 3 SECTIONS 82. Act of a child under seven years of age. 83. Act of a child above seven and under twelve of immature understanding. 84. Act of a person of unsound mind. 85. Act of a person incapable of judgment by reason of intoxication caused against his will. 86. Offence requiring a particular intent or knowledge committed by one who is intoxicated. 87. Act not intended and not known to be likely to cause death or grievous hurt, done by consent. 88. Act not intended to cause death, done by consent in good faith for person's benefit. 89. Act done in good faith for benefit of child or insane person, by or by consent of guardian. Provisos. 90. Consent known to be given under fear or misconception. Consent of insane person. Consent of child. 91. Exclusion of acts which are offences independently of harm caused. 92. Act done in good faith for benefit of a person without consent. Provisos. 93. Communication made in good faith. 94. Act to which a person is compelled by threats. 95. Act causing slight harm. Of the Right of Private Defense 96. Things done in private defence. 97. Right of private defence of the body and of property. 98. Right of private defence against the act of a person of unsound mind. etc. 99. Acts against which there is no right of private defence. Extent to which the right may be exercised. 100. When the right of private defence of the body extends to causing death. 101. When such right extends to causing any harm other than death. 102. Commencement and continuance of the right of private defence of the body. 103. When the right of private defence of property extends to causing death. 104. When such right extends to causing any harm other than death. 105. Commencement and continuance of the right of private defence of property. 106. Right of private defence against deadly assault when there is risk of harm to innocent person. CHAPTER V OF ABETMENT 107. Abetment of a thing. 108. Abettor. 108A. Abetment in Indian of offences outside India. 109. Punishment of a abetment if the act abetted is committed in consequence and when no express provision is made for its punishment. 110. Punishment of abetment if person abetted does act with different intention from that of abettor. 111. Liability of abettor when one act abetted and different act done. 112. Abettor when liable to cumulative punishment for act abetted and for act done. 113. Liability of abettor for an effect caused by the act abetted different from that intended by the abettor. 114. Abettor present when offence is committed. 115. Abetment of offence punishable with death or imprisonment for