section 4. 10. Subs. by the A.O. 1950, for cls. (1) to (4). 11. Ins. by Act 10 of 2009, s. 51 (w.e.f. 27-10-2009). 12. Subs. by s. 51, ibid., for the Explanation (w.e.f. 27-10-2009). 16 (b) the expression “computer resource” shall have the meaning assigned to it in clause (k) of sub-section (1) of section 2 of the Information Technology Act, 2000 (21 of 2000);] 1[Illustration] 2***A, 3[who is 4[a citizen of India]], commits a murder in Uganda. He can be tried and convicted of of murder in any place in 5[India] in which he may be found. 6* * * * * 7[5. Certain laws not to be affected by this Act.—Nothing in this Act shall affect the provisions of any Act for punishing mutiny and desertion of officers, soldiers, sailors or airmen in the service of the Government of India or the provisions of any special or local law.] CHAPTER II GENERAL EXPLANATIONS 6. Definitions in the Code to be understood subject to exceptions.—Throughout this Code every definition of an offence, every penal provision, and every illustration of every such definition or penal provision, shall be understood subject to the exceptions contained in the Chapter entitled “General Exceptions”, though those exceptions are not repeated in such definition, penal provision, or illustration. Illustrations (a) The sections, in this Code, which contain definitions of offences, do not express that a child under seven years of age cannot commit such offences; but the definitions are to be understood subject to the general exception which provides that nothing shall be an offence which is done by a child under seven years of age. (b) A, a police-officer, without warrant, apprehends Z, who has committed murder. Here A is not guilty of the offence of wrongful confinement; for he was bound by law to apprehend Z, and therefore the case falls within the general exception which provides that “nothing is an offence which is done by a person who is bound by law to do it”. 7. Sense of expression once explained.—Every expression which is explained in any part of this Code, is used in every part of this Code in conformity with the explanation. 8. Gender.—The pronoun “he” and its derivatives are used of any person, whether male or female. 9. Number.—Unless the contrary appears from the context, words importing the singular number include the plural number, and words importing the plural number include the singular number. 10. “Man”. “Woman”.—The word “man” denotes a male human being of any age; the word “woman” denotes a female human being of any age. 11. “Person”.—The word “person” includes any Company or Association or body of persons, whether incorporated or not. 12. “Public”.—The word “public” includes any class of the public or any community. 13. [Definition of “Queen”.] Omitted by the A. O. 1950. 8[14. “Servant of Government”.—The words “servant of Government” denote any officer or servant servant continued, appointed or employed in India by or under the authority of Government.] 15. [Definition of