knife allegedly recovered from accused Adatiya @ Akash was not sent to the FSL. 39. It is well settled principle of criminal law that the defective investigation should not give any benefit to the accused if the case has otherwise been proved by the testimonies of the eye witnesses. In Vishveswaran Vs. State (2003)6 SCC 73 in para 12 the Hon'ble Supreme Court has held as: "........................It is also required to be kept in view that every defective investigation need not necessarily result in the acquittal. In defective investigation, the only requirement is of extra caution by courts while evaluating evidence. It would not be just to acquit the accused solely as a result of defective investigation. Any deficiency or irregularity in investigation need not necessarily lead to rejection of the case of the prosecution when it is otherwise proved. 40. In view of the aforesaid propositions of law, it is said that the minor lapses on the part of the IO in the investigation should not cause any unreasonable doubt in the story of the prosecution and it is only when prosecution case is suffering from inherent lacuna and embellishments in the investigation which tents the prosecution story so much so that there is no plausible explanation and it suffers the reasonable doubt to the extent that the accused cannot be found guilty on the basis of State Vs Mohd. Yakub & Ors SC No. 55893/2016 FIR No. 519/2015 23/36 lapse in the investigation. In the considered opinion of this court, the fact that IO did not sent the alleged recovered knife to the FSL as well as did not take any chance print did not cause any severe damage to the prosecution case especially, in view of the testimony of PW-1 Nishant and PW-2 Pawan Kakkar. State vs Mohd. Yakub Etc on 29 March, 2025 Indian Kanoon - http://indiankanoon.org/doc/20389847/ 14 41. The next argument raised by the Ld. Counsel for accused persons is that the IO despite the presence of CCTV camera near the spot has failed to collect the CCTV footage which would have otherwise shown that no such offence as alleged by PW-1 and PW-2 had been committed by accused. In this regard, it would be appropriate to discuss the testimony of prosecution witness PW-1 Nishant. In his cross-examination, he stated that the CCTV camera were not installed inside or outside of his office nor any CCTV camera was installed at the shop of Guru Kirpal. Though he stated that one CCTV camera was installed at A Daikin AC Showroom. Further, the accused suggested to IO PW-14 Inspector Rajpal Meena that no CCTV camera was present at the spot which the IO admitted. The IO further deposed that he did not take the footage of CCTV installed at the shop of Guru Kirpal as the said CCTV was installed after one shop and the same did not have the footage of the incident. 42. The accused persons did not file any application during trial or investigation