or taking away or detaining with criminal intent a married woman. CHAPTER XXA OF CRUELTY BY HUSBAND OR RELATIVES OF HUSBAND 498A. Husband or relative of husband of a woman subjecting her to cruelty. CHAPTER XXI OF DEFAMATION 499. Defamation. Imputation of truth which public good requires to be made or published. Public conduct of public servants. Conduct of any person touching any public question. Publication of reports of proceedings of Courts. Merits of case decided in Court or conduct of witnesses and others concerned. Merits of public performance. Censure passed in good faith by person having lawful authority over another. Accusation preferred in good faith to authorised person. Imputation made in good faith by person for protection of his or other's interests. Caution intended for good of person to whom conveyed or for public good. 500. Punishment for defamation. 501. Printing or engraving matter known to be defamatory. 502. Sale of printed or engraved substance containing defamatory matter. CHAPTER XXII OR CRIMINAL INTIMIDATION, INSULTAND ANNOYANCE 503. Criminal intimidation. 504. Intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of the peace. 505. Statements conducing to public mischief. Statements creating or promoting enmity, hatred or ill-will between classes. Offence under sub-section (2) committed in place of worship, etc. 14 SECTIONS 506. Punishment for criminal intimidation. If threat be to cause death or grievous hurt, etc. 507. Criminal intimidation by an anonymous communication. 508. Act caused by inducing person to believe that he will be rendered an object of the Divine displeasure. 509. Word, gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman. 510. Misconduct in public by a drunken person. CHAPTER XXIII OF ATTEMPTS OF COMMIT OFFENCES 511. Punishment for attempting to commit offences punishable with imprisonment for life or other imprisonment. 15 THE INDIAN PENAL CODE ACT NO. 45 OF 18601 [6th October, 1860.] CHAPTER I INTRODUCTION Preamble.—WHEREAS it is expedient to provide a general Penal Code for 2[India]; It is enacted as follows:— 1. Title and extent of operation of the Code.—This Act shall be called the Indian Penal Code, and shall 3[extend to the whole of India 4[except the State of Jammu and Kashmir]]. 2. Punishment of offences committed within India.—Every person shall be liable to punishment under this Code and not otherwise for every act or omission contrary to the provisions thereof, of which he shall be guilty within 5[India] 6****. 3. Punishment of offences committed beyond, but which by law may be tried within, India.— Any person liable, by any 7[Indian law], to be tried for an offence committed beyond 8[India] shall be dealt with according to the provisions of this Code for any act committed beyond 8[India] in the same manner as if such act had been committed within 5[India]. 9[4. Extension of Code to extra-territorial offences.—The provisions of this Code apply also to any offence committed by— 10[(1) any citizen of India in any place without and beyond India; (2) any person on any ship or aircraft registered in India wherever it may