may be committed, is in possession 1. Subs. by the A. O. 1950, for “the Queen’s coin”. 2. The words “British India” have successively been subs. by the A. O. 1948, the A. O. 1950 and Act 3 of 1951, s. 3 and the Sch., to read as above. 3. Subs. by Act 26 of 1955, s. 117 and the Sch., for “transportation for life” (w.e.f. 1-1-1956). 62 of counterfeit coin, having known at the time when he became possessed thereof that such coin was counterfeit, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to three years, and shall also be liable to fine. 243. Possession of Indian coin by person who knew it to be counterfeit when he became possessed thereof.—Whoever, fraudulently or with intent that fraud may be committed, is in possession of counterfeit coin, which is a counterfeit of 1[Indian coin], having known at the time when he became possessed of it that it was counterfeit, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to fine. 244. Person employed in mint causing coin to be of different weight or composition from that fixed by law.—Whoever, being employed in any mint lawfully established in 2[India], does any act, or omits what he is legally bound to do, with the intention of causing any coin issued from that mint to be of a different weight or composition from the weight or composition fixed by law, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to fine. 245. Unlawfully taking coining instrument from mint.—Whoever, without lawful authority, takes out of any mint, lawfully established in 2[India], any coining tool or instrument, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to fine. 246. Fraudulently or dishonestly diminishing weight or altering composition of coin.—Whoever, fraudulently or dishonestly performs on any coin any operation which diminishes the weight or alters the composition of that coin, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to three years, and shall also be liable to fine. Explanation.—A person who scoops out part of the coin and puts anything else into the cavity alters the composition of the coin. 247. Fraudulently or dishonestly diminishing weight or altering composition of Indian coin.— Whoever fraudulently or dishonestly performs on 3[any Indian coin] any operation which diminishes the weight or alters the composition of that coin, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to fine. 248. Altering appearance of coin with intent that it shall pass as coin of different description.— Whoever performs on any coin any operation which alters the appearance of that coin, with the intention that the said coin