sentence of death or is for an offence against any law relating to a matter to which the executive power of the Union extends, the Central Government; and (b) in cases where the sentence (whether of death or not) is for an offence against any law relating to a matter to which the executive power of the State extends, the Government of the State within which the offender is sentenced.] 56. [Sentence of Europeans and Americans to penal servitude. Proviso as to sentence for term exceeding ten years but not for life.] Rep. by the Criminal Law (Removal of Racial Discriminations) Act, 1949 (17 of 1949) (w. e. f. 6-4-1949). 57. Fractions of terms of punishment.—In calculating fractions of terms of punishment, 2[imprisonment] for life shall be reckoned as equivalent to2[imprisonment] for twenty years. 58. [Offenders sentenced to transportation how dealt with until transported.] Rep. by the Code of Criminal Procedure (Amendment) Act, 1955 (26 of 1955), s. 117 and the Sch. (w.e.f. 1-1-1956). 59. [Transportation instead of imprisonment.] Rep. by s.117 and the Sch., ibid. (w.e.f. 1-1-1956). 60. Sentence may be (in certain cases of imprisonment) wholly or partly rigorous or simple.—In every case in which an offender is punishable with imprisonment which may be of either description, it shall be competent to the Court which sentences such offender to direct in the sentence that such imprisonment shall be wholly rigorous, or that such imprisonment shall be wholly simple, or that any part of such imprisonment shall be rigorous and the rest simple. 61. [Sentence of forfeiture of property.] Rep. by the Indian Penal Code (Amendment) Act, 1921 (16 of 1921), s. 4. 62. [Forfeiture of property, in respect of offenders punishable with death, transportation or imprisonment.] Rep. by s. 4 ibid. 63. Amount of fine.—Where no sum is expressed to which a fine may extend, the amount of fine to which the offender is liable is unlimited, but shall not be excessive. 64. Sentence of imprisonment for non-payment of fine.—3[In every case of an offence punishable with imprisonment as well as fine, in which the offender is sentenced to a fine, whether with or without imprisonment, and in every case of an offence punishable 4[with imprisonment or fine, or] with fine only, in which the offender is sentenced to a fine.] it shall be competent to the Court which sentences such offender to direct by the sentence that, in default of payment of the fine, the offender shall suffer imprisonment for a certain term, which imprisonment shall be in excess of any other imprisonment to which he may have been sentenced or to which he may be liable under a commutation of a sentence. 65. Limit to imprisonment for non-payment of fine, when imprisonment and fine awardable.— The term for which the Court directs the offender to be imprisoned in default of payment of a fine shall not exceed one-fourth of the term of imprisonment which is the maximum fixed for the offence, if the offence be punishable