shall pass as a coin of a different description, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to three years, and shall also be liable to fine. 249. Altering appearance of Indian coin with intent that it shall pass as coin of different description.—Whoever performs on 3[any Indian coin] any operation which alters the appearance of that coin, with the intention that the said coin shall pass as a coin of a different description, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to fine. 250. Delivery of coin, possessed with knowledge that it is altered.—Whoever, having coin in his possession with respect to which the offence defined in section 246 or 248 has been committed, and having known at the time when he became possessed of such coin that such offence had been committed with respect to it, fraudulently or with intent that fraud may be committed, delivers such coin to any other person, or attempts to induce any other person to receive the same, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to five years, and shall also be liable to fine. 251. Delivery of Indian coin, possessed with knowledge that it is altered.—Whoever, having coin in his possession with respect to which the offence defined in section 247 or 249 has been committed, and having known at the time when he became possessed of such coin that such offence had been committed with respect to it, fraudulently or with intent that fraud may be committed, delivers such coin to any other 1. Subs. by the A. O. 1950, for “the Queen’s coin”. 2. The words “British India” have successively been subs. by the A. O. 1948, the A. O. 1950 and Act 3 of 1951, s. 3 and the Sch., to read as above. 3. Subs. by the A. O. 1950, for “any of the Queen’s coin”. 63 person, or attempts to induce any other person to receive the same, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine. 252. Possession of coin by person who knew it to be altered when he became possessed thereof.—Whoever fraudulently or with intent that fraud may be committed, is in possession of coin with respect to which the offence defined in either of the section 246 or 248 has been committed, having known at the time of becoming possessed thereof that such offence had been committed with respect to such coin, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to three years, and shall also be liable to fine. 253. Possession of Indian coin by person who knew it to be altered when he became possessed thereof.—Whoever, fraudulently or with intent that fraud may be committed, is in possession of coin with respect to