2[imprisonment for life], or with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine. 437. Mischief with intent to destroy or make unsafe a decked vessel or one of twenty tons burden.—Whoever commits mischief to any decked vessel or any vessel of a burden of twenty tons or upwards, intending to destroy or render unsafe, or knowing it to be likely that he will thereby destroy or render unsafe, that vessel, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine. 438. Punishment for the mischief described in section 437 committed by fire or explosive substance. —Whoever commits, or attempts to commit, by fire or any explosive substance, such mischief as is described in the last preceding section, shall be punished with 2[imprisonment for life]. or with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine. 439. Punishment for intentionally running vessel aground or ashore with intent to commit theft, etc.—Whoever intentionally runs any vessel aground or ashore, intending to commit theft of any property contained therein or to dishonestly misappropriate any such property, or with intent that such theft or misappropriation of property may be committed, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine. 440. Mischief committed after preparation made for causing death or hurt.—Whoever commits mischief, having made preparation for causing to any person death, or hurt, or wrongful restraint, or fear of death, or of hurt, or of wrongful restraint, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to five years, and shall also be liable to fine. Of Criminal Trespass 441. Criminal trespass.—Whoever enters into or upon property in the possession of another with intent to commit an offence or to intimidate, insult or annoy any person in possession of such property, or having lawfully entered into or upon such property, unlawfully remains there with intent thereby to intimidate, insult or annoy any such person, or with intent to commit an offence, is said to commit “criminal trespass”. 442. House-trespass.—Whoever commits criminal trespass by entering into or remaining in any building, tent or vessel used as a human dwelling or any building used as a place for worship, or as a place for the custody of property, is said to commit “house-trespass”. Explanation.—The introduction of any part of the criminal trespasser's body is entering sufficient to constitute house-trespass. 1. Ins. by Act 8 of 1882, s. 10 2. Subs. by Act 26 of 1955, s. 117 and the Sch., for “transportation forlife” (w.e.f. 1-1-1956). 99 443. Lurking house-trespass.—Whoever commits house-trespass having taken precautions to conceal such house-trespass from some person who has a right to exclude or eject the trespasser from the building, tent or vessel which is